I mean, it gives you a double effect.
And first, when you use gas, you get 4 %
less choice.
This is the 2nd one.
There is a change in the heat, which you get.
Actually, I remember, the company had a blue manager.
She, as I said,
brought gas to the energy without burning.
That is, it is very interesting.
No, well, it is possible.
All sorts of technological opportunities.
It is important, it is important for the price.
But for Kazakhstan, where, in all the places, they used
oil, to transfer the heat to the gas.
Even for the energy.
Without technology, when you start, the prices increase in technology.
It is also a separate discussion.
And I thought that the transition to gas, I even
had a discussion with foreign experts and scientists.
They said, no, the gas needs to be refused.
It is also bad.
You can refuse it, please.
Well, let's go to the door.
So, then I came to such a position.
But now I will say more.
And how can we completely refuse it?
Therefore,
we need to think about it.
Maybe there is chemistry.
They are also talking about it.
Well, and as an energy seriously, we can't leave Google.
But there are Google technologies.
They are more clean.
Therefore,
for us, it is suitable.
And when we talk about NetZero, then, in 2020, most
likely, we all elements should be used.
I mean, somewhere, to transfer the gas, somewhere,
to the pure Google, somewhere, to reserve the energy.
And, finally, there is an atom energy.
Yes.
Which is also considered a non -vegetarian.
And so,
especially all the energy we need to use to achieve
this.
Plus, we have a lot of territory, which allows us
to build
artificial forests there and so on.
And then we have to compensate those choices that we
are going to produce.
On the other hand, the energy is safe.
We sell energy resources, we live on them.
I have such a feeling, I am not an economist.
I am not trying to be an economist.
But when many people talk about commercialization, our next type
of commercialization, we just sell energy from Syria,
we just sell energy.
So, to produce energy, it is already clean energy to
be transported there, to the neighbors, to other countries.
That is, this is a good, end -of -the -art
product.
So, you just take it and say that if you
sell it, we will say, no, everything else.
And if you are going to do all this, you
will end -of -the -art product.
You have to sell it for an hour and a
half.
Yes, sell it for an hour and a half.
Maybe even this is our mission in this environment.
Or you can come and sell it for an hour
and a half, how to do it with bitcoin?
Yes.
Well, that is...
What are you talking about?
That is, it is our product.
Of course, it is a natural product.
When you are from Syria, you produce the end -of
-the -art product for an hour and a half.
That is why I think that it would be strategic.
And around that, you can create, you can create a
small business.
As for modern high technologies, which allows you
to create a small business, then there is, of course,
without talking about countries, it is impossible.
Because one is possible.
The discussion questions that you have raised, during the conversation,
I raised it, because I am not very sorry.
I said that there is an intellectual property, that is,
actually, which is the value of any new technology.
If you are good at countries,
this part will be less, then we, countries that, let's
say, are growing, then we could not create the
next technology, and through the production of technology, that is,
and so on, where no one is enough, you will
buy, let's say, technology, there are 30 -year -old data,
instead of buying today, that is why,
it is like in the news, you are doing modern
news, you are doing it, either you are thinking, as
it is said,
you are cleaning your hands, so, it is the same
here, but they did not come here, therefore,
this is why,
this topic, I think, is more like this.
What is the question?
Well, for some reason, it is dangerous, if they come
here, that is, they want to control themselves.
Yes, they control themselves.
Yes, that is, it is already, and right now, there
was such a disfigured discussion, there was such a technology
in the committee, in front of this convention, and so,
I raised it, because,
and there started with the same, between developing countries, developing
countries, and the discussion,
and now, a few more, the question is not raised,
you are the same,
that if we all
change the climate, then all of you should be the
main, this part, this is,
35 -year -old data, but you will always be here,
if you do not share IP, yes, yes, yes, patent
and nascot.
That is, this is the moment, and then, the story
showed, I will say, China just took everything.
Yes, without permission.
Yes, they are not afraid.
Yes.
Speaking of China, you mentioned the nuclear energy, right?
Now, in America,
let's say, it hits the wall, because China is just
incredibly aggressive, creates the atmosphere, well, we know that France
is very strong,
let's say, there is a huge amount, but in China,
a huge amount, but America, is very
unpleasant, because they have a lot of existing devices that
are move and how can you take it?
What is the condition
for the country
which, which, let's say, is against the US,
on the other hand, there is the sun, there is
an alternative to the energy source.
Do you understand what it is?
In 2012, I think, yes.
On the other hand, I have a whole set, as
well, one of our colleagues, a friend of mine, who
brought the same order, but he was very fond of
it.
He read the lectures of all youths, on the source
of energy, on the whole of Asia, on the rise
of the energy source.
In my opinion, this was somewhere between Kusim and Kusim,
when it was there.
Yes, it was Marta Rinpoche.
And he read such big lectures,
precisely in the support that the population is growing in
these regions.
The energy is still very, very much needed, and he,
just like this, is dying, propagandized.
In the US, from Stanford,
and we talked very well, we talked a lot,
it was very interesting, it was still a bright impression.
I told him about Chernobyl, and he told me about
it.
And then, at the very least, he talks about the
Trivog.
He talked to you about this,
about the Royal Kingdom, where there were three islands, that
is, in America, it was also his own.
It was a dream island.
Yes, it was a dream island.
We are just, just a little bit different, but it
was really, when he said that the countries are growing
in the population of the giant,
we see the energy source, they are not afraid.
And this is an American understanding of this moment.
I think Trivog is an artificial,
more strong, maybe a little bit more, a little bit
more competitive, maybe a little bit more competitive.
It is not about controlling the population, not just the
population, maybe it is a little bit more.
But it is really impossible to live the population is
growing,
and then, again, migration, so I will ask the question,
can we do this?
Energy was always there, and its criticism began in
the climatic teams.
Today, they agreed to see Yes, it's a low -quality
energy, it exists,
and we need to use it.
And what we are now looking at now is also
an interesting thing, because one thing is to sell the
Uranium, as I said before.
The other thing is to use the Uranium and sell
it to a kilo of hours.
There are more models of AS, which are already in
the exportation, which are not possible in the black or
in general.
Those are theoretical.
Yes.
There are three plus models, which are not called.
We already have such models, which can be safe.
And it's impossible to refuse.
In this sense, there is a balance, and I think
that, when Europe has completely refused, there are not many.
In France, Belgium,
etc.
But Germany has refused.
Germany has refused.
Italy has refused.
And now they are starting to look at each other.
I think Italians, today already have a deficit of energy,
they have already bought energy.
And I think that some movements are starting, and the
more technology has been developed.
And I think that this is also an element that
we are right to do, that they are also starting
to look at this source of energy.
Let's talk about thermosynthesis.
I remember, in the 23rd year, there was a conference,
in the Olin Summit.
And there were two summits.
The founder of the Commonwealth Fusion Energy and Helio Energy
company.
Then I heard about thermosynthesis.
But then, in the framework of this election, I just
got inspired.
That is, the topic that they are engaged in,
they have already made 20 companies.
That is, this is not the history of Facebook or
Instagram.
This is such a multi -level, huge technical work.
They are in the end, they are doing experiments where,
well, in fact, you need to create a reaction that
will occur on the Sun, you need to do it
on the Earth.
And if they can achieve it, that is, it is
a incredible product.
Did you have a question about your experience with thermosynthesis?
I am the one with thermosynthesis.
Well, I always started.
I didn't read the lecture, you started with such things.
Yes.
People, in general,
created an atomic reactor, an atomic station,
an atomic reactor, and then the atomic bomb was created.
In the framework of the election, I started making a
thermo nuclear bomb,
and then I started trying to make, I thought that
everything would also be easy to succeed.
50 years ago, we have all the rules of this
activity.
And there are two rules.
One is the atomic, it is the quasi -stationary reactor,
where the plasma is heated there, and the temperature is
reached.
Yes, that is why we are going to the next
class.
Yes,
yes, we are going to the next class.
The plasma is for the wide public.
It is very simple.
Well, if you have a simple gas,
and you start to populate it,
then the radiation is divided there, plus or minus.
That is, with the neutral atoms, it is formed, and
it is not necessary to put it in.
The plasma is practically a gas with the radiation
radiation, which is not important.
That is, the word is a black state.
There is a black state, and the liquid is a
gas.
Yes, the gas is a gas.
The plasma is, for example, a state of four, and
there is a certain state.
That is, it is practically a state of existence, but
it is charged with this, there is an electric potential.
And this happens when the gas is heated, the electric
charge is heated, and the electron is divided into atoms,
and it turns out that this is the light.
There are a lot of things there, and then the
gas is divided.
This is like a building.
That is, it is a black state.
The black state is also divided.
And in the body of the black state, it is
already in the channel.
In the atmosphere, the plasma channel is created.
And, for example,
there were two approaches.
One approach, as I said,
is a positional position, when you heat the plasma,
you heat it up, you heat it up, you
heat it up.